Welcome to the Caribbean.
Ten pairs of guests
have travelled here from the UK
and are about to check in
to a unique hotel.
Now, this might look like the
perfect spot to relax and unwind.
But they shouldn't get
too comfortable,
as these holiday-makers are here
to play a devious game.
A quarter-of-a-million pounds
is up for grabs.
All they have to do is find
and keep hold of the Fortune Case.
However, our guests should beware.
Hidden in another case
is the dreaded Early Checkout Card.
The couple that ends each day
with that case
will be packing their bags
and leaving the hotel for good.
There'll be epic challenges...
Whoo!
Hold on, hold on.
Oh, you idiot!
What are you doing?
SHOUTING
..intense investigations...
So, who's got the money?
I know what's there,
and I don't trust that guy.
..and thrilling case swaps.
That's my opinion.
You need to keep your opinions
to yourself.
It's time for sun, sand and secrets
at The Fortune Hotel.
Look at all of this, mate.
It's a different world.
Oh, mate.
This is what we're about, big man.
Beats being at home, digging holes,
laying bricks.
THEY LAUGH
Hi, I'm Adam, and I'm a bricklayer.
Hi, I'm Mike, and I'm a landscaper.
We're best friends,
and we are from...
BOTH: Bognor Regis.
Looks nice, don't it?
Our relationship is fun,
cheeky chaps,
and we light up the room,
my friend, don't we?
'That's what we think, anyway.'
You look pretty, Mike.
MIKE LAUGHS
Oh, my days.
Tell you what, mate. Look at that.
ADAM LAUGHS
A little bit special,
that is, innit?
That is absolutely unreal.
That is a bit special.
Our strategy is basically
to be the fun guys,
to befriend everyone
so they want us around.
If we find a pairing
and maybe link together
for a little bit... Yeah.
Just see what we can get going,
and if we can ride that wave
for a bit, and at the right time,
we start cutting down trees,
then we need to, don't we? Bye-bye.
Yeah. Oh, I like it.
Hoo!
Game face now, innit? Game face.
Straight in, mate.
Let's go for it.
You ready?
Oh, my God! Look at it. D'you reckon
we're here? Look at that.
'It's not like
when we go to Mallorca, is it?'
MUSIC: 'Take Your Mama'
by Scissor Sisters
# Take your mama out all night... #
At The Fortune Hotel, I'm just
not gonna trust anyone at all,
cos I've came to win
that prize money.
'So, 100% in it to win it.
I wouldn't be here if I wasn't.'
We're gonna win it, aren't we?
Yep, we are. Mm.
Cheers.
All right, fellas?
Hi, guys. Welcome.
Wow. What a gaff.
It's unbelievable, innit?
It's just like a dream, isn't it?
I know, mate, look at it.
She's my mum. My best mate as well.
Oh, that's lovely.
Same person, really.
Is he...? Is he a good boy?
He is, yeah.
I am now, yeah.
Yeah, I am proud of him. I am, yeah.
Oh, hello.
Hello, you all right?
Hello.
Hello, hello, hello, you all right?
How are we doing?
Oh, my God.
So, you two are a couple,
I'm guessing?
Yeah. Yeah.
Not brother and sister, no?
No, we're... 16 years, is it,
or 17 years? 16 years.
Married 16 years?
No, not married.
Oh, you're not married, no? Ah.
Our strategy is basically
to trust no-one
and question everything.
And needing a nice slice of luck.
Yes.
Thank you.
I think our competition's here.
Hello, hello, hello.
Hello.
BOTH: Hi!
You all right? Welcome.
How are you?
Very good. You all right?
So nice to meet you guys.
My name is Jae.
My name's Cherish.
So, how do you guys know each other?
We're best friends.
Yeah.
The way I would
describe our friendship is,
I am the calm,
and she is the storm.
Uh... Yeah.
Yeah.
So, who would you say is the boss
out the two of you?
Who do you reckon?
I let her take the...
You "let" me?
I let her.
LAUGHTER
This is incredible.
Look at this, man. Ayy!
Hi, fellas.
Hi.
Hiya.
How are we? Nice to meet you all.
I'm Tommy.
I'm Scott.
What do you boys do?
He's a barber, and I'm in uni, so...
Ah, nice.
I'm actually a hair stylist.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Did you style his?
TOMMY LAUGHS
Got any gameplay?
Yeah, you've gotta come here with
a plan and have some idea, but...
not gonna tell you that. Oh!
You've came here with a plan, then?
No, no, not in the slightest.
Cat's out the bag.
The cat's out the bag.
The game plan was to convince
everyone we had a game plan
so that they were scared,
because we don't have a game plan.
But we're here to win,
at the end of the day.
So, what type of characters
do you think we need to be wary of?
You don't need to worry
about us two. That's all you need...
Oh, that makes me worry, though.
That makes us...
That makes me worry.
Yeah.
Hi.
How are you?
Wow.
Thank you.
I think we have to just be wary
of the type of jobs
that somebody may do as well.
Hello.
Ahh.
I'm Claire.
Nice to meet you, I'm Dan. Hi.
Hi, Dan. Nice to meet you.
So, what do you guys do?
So, I work in hospitality.
Nice.
I'm a barrister.
Barrister? Oh, really?
Oh, wow.
One to watch out for.
You don't need the money, then.
You're all right.
LAUGHTER
Nice try.
I'm Dan. I'm Claire,
and we're a married couple.
So, have we met
our first serious players, then?
I'm sure we're all serious players.
I don't think you'd be here
if you weren't. Not really.
I'm a criminal barrister,
and I have been
for the last 20 years.
I hope this game's gonna involve
a lot of bluffing and manipulating.
'That will play
to some of my strengths.'
And my family business
is a hotel in Gloucestershire,
so I guess both of us, our strength
is kind of understanding people.
What do you guys
do for a living, then?
I'm in construction.
Carpentry, yeah.
Mum.
Very nice.
Three kids.
How many? Three children?
Yeah.
Wow!
I'm Aysha.
You're actually Samm.
THEY LAUGH
# Just the two of us... #
This, for us, is...
It's like a honeymoon, right?
It's our chance. An adventure.
Yeah, so excited.
You've gotta win
the competition, then,
just to stay away
from the children long enough.
THEY LAUGH
That's the plan.
If we were to win this game... Ah.
Huge accomplishment.
And I feel it would really
make our girls proud.
Yeah. Would change our lives.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God! The Fortune Hotel!
Oh, my God, Susan, we're here.
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
Hi, I'm Jen, I'm an administrator
for the Scottish Government.
Hi, I'm Susan,
and I'm a criminal investigator.
When we introduce ourselves,
I might drop
some absolute red herrings
and put people off the scent
without giving away my area of work.
The minute you tell somebody
you're an investigator,
they're cautious
about what they say around you.
So I'm going to say something
completely opposite,
make them feel relaxed around me,
open up.
What do you guys do?
I'm an HR administrator.
OK.
Yeah.
My parents own a fish farm, so...
Wow.
Yeah.
Salmon?
Er, rainbow trout.
The ultimate goal here
is to win £250,000,
so I wouldn't want
to come up against a couple
who came from police
or legal background.
And what do you guys do?
I'm a lawyer.
Nice. Fab.
Louie, what the hell?
HE GASPS
Oh, my God, stunning.
Hi, you OK?
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm good, thank you.
How are you?
So, I'm Louie.
I'm Chloe.
Are you friends?
Yes.
Yes, best friends. Best friends.
Best friends?
BOTH: Business partners as well.
Oh, wow.
I'm the queen of aesthetics.
And I'm the king of skin.
You're the king of...?
Skin.
First impressions will be
that we are underestimated.
The beauty industry, they think
it's like ditzy people. Yeah.
LAUGHTER
'It's like a stereotype.'
Yeah, 1,000%.
And we just don't fit it.
And have you guys been
to the Caribbean before?
No. No.
No?
I've been to
the Dominican Republic.
Ah. How was it?
Oh, is that the Caribbean?
Yeah. Yeah.
I have been to the Caribbean before.
LAUGHTER
Chloe and Louie.
'Erm... I hope she doesn't try
to persuade me to get Botox.'
I think they're very, very loud,
and they're very, very in-your-face.
Back to the game now,
this is what we're talking about.
Have youse two any game plans?
This is what we wanna know.
I think the main thing is enjoy it.
Yeah.
Do you know... But, like, obviously,
we are here to win.
We're here to win.
MUSIC: 'Holiday'
by Madonna
You would fight to win the 250,000
with me, wouldn't you?
I know I would.
I think we'll be good contenders
because people would think,
"Oh, dipsy, fun, giggly."
But, no, we will...
I think we've got this.
Yeah.
TRACEY SQUEALS
Oh, I'm loving your energy.
Youse are literally...
I'm just so excited to see you all.
Good.
So, what's your names?
I'm Susan.
Susan.
I'm Jen.
Jane.
Jen.
Gin? Gin.
Jennifer, but short.
Oh, Jen!
Yeah.
Jen!
LAUGHTER
Sorry, Jen.
That's OK, that's OK.
I'm Tracey, Mama Tracey to Abbie,
from Cardiff.
You're not from Cardiff,
you're from the Valleys,
but you live in Cardiff.
Have youse two had a few drinks
before you've come here?
LAUGHTER
We don't have a typical mother
and daughter relationship. Mm, no.
A lot of parents would feel
disrespected if their child called,
like, their parent
by their first name,
and I call you Trace.
So, in your pairing,
is there a boss?
Abbie likes to think she's the boss,
but I think
she should listen to me more.
But I do keep her on track
a few times, you know? So...
TRACEY WHISPERS
Yeah.
Abbie's got the intelligence
and intuition.
I have taken acting classes,
so I can kind of understand
people's behaviour a bit better.
So, I think we should all have
a cheers to us all, and good luck.
Yep.
Yeah? May the best group win.
ALL: Cheers.
TRACEY: Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Game on.
LAUGHTER
Hello.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Look where we are.
Isn't it awful?
LAUGHTER
Now, welcome to The Fortune Hotel.
We are delighted to have you here.
As you may have already guessed,
this is not going to be
your average holiday.
At the end of this holiday,
two of you could be heading home
with a quarter-of-a-million pounds
in cash.
'Obviously, we're gonna win.'
Tell them again.
We're gonna win.
WHISPERS: We're gonna win.
But before we have winners
and losers,
we have to play the game.
And the game is very simple.
Find the money and keep hold of it.
In a minute, I'm gonna ask you all
to select a room key.
In each room, there is a briefcase.
One of those cases is full of money.
If you're lucky enough
to find the £250,000 case,
then congratulations,
you are the Fortune Holders.
Eight of those cases are worthless.
If you find one of those,
you are the Fortune Hunters.
The remaining case contains
the potentially fatal
Early Checkout Card.
Holding this
makes you the Unfortunates,
and you are in serious danger
of leaving The Fortune Hotel.
But don't worry, every day,
there will be an opportunity
to swap cases,
as you compete in daily challenges
in the hotel and across the island.
The challenges is what
I'm looking forward to the most,
just because of the sheer fact
that we are so competitive,
and we don't lose.
Before you ask,
all the cases are identical.
They look the same, they feel
the same, they weigh the same.
It's not the cases you need
to keep an eye on, it's the people.
The only way to win the money
is to know where it is,
and the best way to do that
is to play the game well.
And most importantly of all,
perhaps, be lucky.
Fortune favours the brave.
Right, it's time to start the game.
Clarista, would you mind
offering our guests the keys?
Choose wisely, everyone.
Your fate lies inside your case.
Will we just go for
lucky number seven? Yeah.
We await to see what's in that case.
Yep.
You know, I just thought
one was a good one to go for
cos that's first place, isn't it?
And that's where we'd like to be.
Huh.
What do you reckon?
LAUGHTER
Take your pick.
We'll have this one.
Yeah, thanks. Lovely.
Thank you, Clarista.
It's time for the moment of truth.
Off you go, find your rooms,
and don't let those cases
out of your sight.
Good luck, everyone.
SONG: 'Money, Money, Money'
by Christian Reindl feat Lloren
# Always sunny
# In a rich man's...
# World... #
I think if we open the briefcase,
and we had the Early Checkout,
pressure's on.
It's like we need
to put our money where our mouth is.
If we open the briefcase
and it's empty - game on.
I'm normally lucky. So if we find
a quarter-of-a-million pounds
in our briefcase, we are taking that
to the nearest airport
and getting straight out of here.
If there's 250 grand in there,
I'll be like that.
Shh!
SHE LAUGHS
I'm gonna jump on that bed, though,
I'll be jumping on the bed.
I don't care what you do,
as long as you do it quietly.
# It's a rich man's... #
God, look at the size of it, man.
Oh, that is beautiful.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
That is... Oh, my God.
SCOTT INHALES SHARPLY
Oh, this is the moment of truth,
innit?
# All the things I could do... #
Man.
Shall we open it?
Let's go for it.
Does it open on that side?
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
# It's a rich man's...
# World. #
Ooh, this is the moment of truth,
innit?
Let's go for it.
OK, I can work with nothing.
I'm happy.
Keeps me safe. Keeps me happy.
CHLOE: Let's do it.
Thank God.
Thank you. Yes!
That's the ideal.
That's what we wanted. Wow.
I just don't want
that Checkout card.
Lucky number. I've got this.
Baby!
HE CHUCKLES
Ah, it's not money.
But still the same,
we're on the safe side. We're safe.
Best-case scenario is nothing.
We just don't wanna get
the Early Checkout Card. Yeah.
Shall we open?
Shall we have a look?
Oh, brilliant.
Result.
Are you feeling lucky?
No.
What do you reckon?
Shall I open it, then?
Yeah, you open it.
Here we go.
No!
THEY LAUGH
Oh, my God.
OK.
Brilliant.
We need to get rid of it.
Oh, just our luck.
HE LAUGHS
Well, the room's nice.
'I'm Lesley, I'm 55,
and I'm from Suffolk.'
And you are?
I... I'm Gary.
I'm 60, and I'm from Suffolk.
Let's think, right,
if we did have the money,
we'd be not wanting them
to steal it.
Whereas we do want them
to steal this one.
So if we act
like we've got the money,
they are gonna wanna take it.
Just don't overplay it.
No.
We met in a queue in a nightclub,
and we do like banter.
We mess about a lot.
HE HONKS
That kind of thing.
I brought you for the fact
that you're quite lucky,
and that hasn't worked.
But we might get rid of it.
Since being made redundant,
to get that £250,000
is gonna change our life.
It's gonna make it a lot more
comfortable than it is now.
And obviously,
no financial troubles.
# Money, money, money
# Must be funny... #
What are we hoping for?
Money.
Money?
I want to be the Fortune Holder.
Ready?
BOTH: Three... two... one.
OK. That is good.
I'm happy with that.
I feel very relieved.
I'm very relieved.
Let's hope we picked the right one,
darling.
Let's hope so.
THEY CHUCKLE
Shall we open it?
OK.
THEY SIGH
It's a bla...
WHISPERING: Shh, shh! It's paper.
It's paper.
I know that. I know.
ADAM: Ready?
Guess.
Is it nothing?
Yeah, it is. Yeah.
Is it?
Yeah, look.
Phew!
We're still in the game. Someone's
got the 250 grand, haven't they?
Shall we open it?
You do that side, I'll do this side.
Three...
BOTH: Two...
Wait, wait, wait!
SHE SQUEALS
OK.
Where's the money at?
THEY GASP
Fucking hell.
Fuck's sake.
SHE LAUGHS
Oh, my God, Will.
Oh, my... I want to cry.
We've not won it yet!
What are you crying for?
I know, I know.
Pull yourself together, man.
Hiya, I'm Jo-Anne.
I'm Will, and this is my mum.
SHE CHUCKLES
I knew I could smell an handbag.
What you on about?
We've not won it yet, Mum.
Our relationship, it's a whirlwind,
to say the least, innit?
It's not always perfect, is it?
It's not always perfect.
But it's loving.
It is loving.
It's loving. It's full of laughter.
It's full of banter.
It's full of winding each other up.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
Never seen that amount of money.
It's all right looking
at someone else's money.
It's not ours.
It might be mine for half the day.
What would we do with the money,
Will, if we won it?
First things first,
what I'm looking forward to
if we win this money
is not having
to have a four-minute shower.
Look how beautiful she looks.
SHE CHUCKLES
Right, close that. I'm fed up
of looking at it. Oh, Will.
When we go back downstairs now,
and we see everyone...
I'll be poker face, don't worry.
I'll turn it on, don't worry.
Aw, God.
Just get...
What you...?
Mum, it's not our money.
You're doing my head in now.
Pack it in.
Honestly, Mum, I'm being serious.
Pack that in.
You've got make-up all over box
as well.
Hi!
Hi, Jen. How you doing?
Hi.
Ah!
Hiya. You all right?
Let's talk money.
Aw!
THEY LAUGH
What's in your boxes?
What's in your boxes, guys?
I think you're gonna get
the same answer from us pretty much
throughout this whole thing.
No matter what is in our briefcase.
Are you...? Are you good at lying?
Of course he is. He's a lawyer.
LAUGHTER
Lawyer, not liar.
Yeah.
THEY LAUGH
Have you guys got a game plan?
Would you keep quiet?
Or would you say to us now,
"Oh, I've got that in there"?
No, I'd keep it quiet, obviously.
Not silly.
We'd say.
Yeah. Yeah.
D'you wanna know? D'you wanna know?
Yeah.
Well, you want us to know, so go on.
No, no.
You gotta ask us the question.
What's in your case?
Nothing. Literally nothing.
Got nothing in there.
The reason we've chose this strategy
of just being honest and open
is because that's how
we wanna come across.
And I think if people do find out
what's in our case,
and we're being honest with them,
we're building trust.
What you got in yours, then?
We ain't telling you.
Oh, come on, Mum.
No.
Come on.
No. Absolutely not.
CHLOE: 'Will and Jo - absolute love.
'Michael and Adam -
really nice guys.
And I genuinely think
that they haven't got anything
in the case.
Yeah. They definitely haven't
got anything in the case.
Are you feeling lucky today?
I'm one of life's losers.
All the luck comes from Lesley.
What about you, Lesley?
Are you feeling lucky today?
Yeah, I think so.
To be honest with you, actually...
THEY LAUGH
Did that not look like interrogation
to me?
MICHAEL: 'Gary and Lesley
are a bit excited.'
He was bouncing off the walls.
I feel like he's opened up that
briefcase, he's seen that money,
and he's thought, "Jackpot."
He's spent it.
Hello. Hi.
ALL: Hi!
May I join you?
Hi.
You all right?
Good. Amazing.
Settled in?
Yeah? You've got your cases?
ALL: Yes.
Two of you have just become
the Fortune Holders.
You're holding onto £250,000.
Two of you have just become
the Unfortunates.
There are four people in this room
who are hiding something.
Who are they?
Michael and Adam, if I was
to push you to pick somebody here
that you think might have it,
which pair would you go for?
We think maybe Gary and Lesley.
LAUGHTER
We're with you.
What? Got the money?
Yeah.
You think we've got the money?
Look at Abbie and thingy.
Gary's got some swag this afternoon.
Has he?
Yeah, like, he's a different man.
For Adam and Michael to say
that they think
Gary and Lesley have got it,
it's a massive sigh of relief.
I just kept thinking, "God,
when they realise we've conned them,
"oh, God, they're never gonna
talk to us again." I know.
This is a fun experiment.
Let's go round.
Will?
We're in agreement.
You're in agreement?
Gary and Lesley?
Gary and Lesley, yeah.
Who said that?
Oh, OK. You're attracting some heat,
Gary and Lesley.
What's going on here?
LAUGHTER
Louie and Chloe?
We think Dan.
We think Claire and Dan
have the money.
Claire and Dan?
Yeah.
What have you two done?
OK, then,
a chance to get your own back.
Who are you going for?
So, I would say Chloe and Louie.
OK.
Well done for speaking out.
Yeah, good.
Cherish and Jae,
who are you going for?
There's one person here...
with his top off, enjoying life,
and it's Adam.
LAUGHTER
Mike and Adam have the money.
Trust me, if we had 250 grand,
I wouldn't be wearing the shorts
either.
LAUGHTER
Well, I'm gonna have to agree
with Cherish and Jae.
The pair of them look far too happy
over there.
'To be honest, I'm a bit surprised
they think we've got the money.
We've got nothing. Nothing to hide.
We're just chilled.
But you've just got a T-shirt off,
and if that's all they can find...
BOTH: ..then so be it.
Yeah, exactly.
Interesting. Abbie and Tracey,
who's hiding something here?
Lesley and Gary.
Gary and Lesley.
Samm and Aysha?
We've had it in for our friend Gary
this whole time.
No trust in here, is there?
There is no trust.
Well, it's very interesting.
I think that means, Gary and Lesley,
four pairs think you have the money.
Ah, yeah, but what do they know?
LAUGHTER
OK. Time to get your own back.
Who do you think?
There's only one couple...
a bit of suspicion.
Susan and Jen.
Yes. OK.
Yeah.
So, Gary and Lesley,
why don't you swap cases
with Susan and Jen?
Ooh!
Oh, my God.
My butt cheeks clenched, I thought,
"Oh, that could have been us."
Oh, my God.
It's been game on,
but now it's properly game on.
So, Gary and Lesley,
why don't you swap cases
with Susan and Jen?
And, Lesley, before you sit down,
you wanna know what's in it,
don't you? I do.
Why don't you come up here
and open it?
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
Anyone notice anything there?
Look proud as punch.
Look really happy.
Susan and Jen, we need you to have
a look in your case as well, please.
What have Gary and Lesley
just given you?
It was a shock.
We were Fortune Hunters,
and all of a sudden,
we've become Unfortunates.
Didn't expect that to happen.
I think we carried it off OK.
Uh-huh.
BOTH: We passed the test.
Thanks very much.
Early Checkout.
Well, there you go.
Let that be a lesson.
You may be living
in the lap of luxury,
but you shouldn't get too
comfortable at The Fortune Hotel.
I can't believe we get to off-load
the early checkout card
without even having to do anything,
right result.
Did you get the Early Checkout?
You look like
youse were pretty peed off.
I'm not gonna tell you
if I got what I got, am I?
Are you not happy, though?
LAUGHTER
No.
I'm not gonna kind of just...
It is what it is.
Chloe with the fire.
No, just asking.
Youse all wanted to ask.
LAUGHTER
That's just... Wow.
I think they've definitely
got the Early Checkout.
Hi. We're Chloe and Louie,
and we're best friends.
Our friendship
turned into business partners
to best friends,
and it's just, like, meant to be.
I've got more common sense,
but he's more academically clever.
Yeah.
And then, obviously,
we both, like, look good.
And we're both equally as beautiful.
Yeah.
So, I need you
to get yourselves ready
for your first Day Trip Challenge.
Gather up your belongings,
and prepare yourselves
for a photo finish.
See you in a bit.
# You made me a
You made me a believer
# Believer... #
Absolutely pumped
for this Day Trip Challenge.
Start off with a bang, don't we?
Get the first place.
Let people know we mean business.
Definitely.
# Believer... #
Hello! Welcome
to your first Day Trip Challenge,
here at historic Fort Frederick.
Now, I can see
what you're all thinking.
You're thinking, "Doesn't Stephen
look good in shorts?"
Come on, guys, stop it.
Get your head in the game.
So, this challenge is where
you could gain a crucial advantage
going into the nightcap
at the Lady Luck Bar.
Because tonight,
you will all get the chance
to either swap or keep your case.
And where you place in the challenge
will dictate the order
in which those decisions
will be made.
If you win the challenge,
you will have
the all-important final swap,
and that, trust me,
is the best place to be.
JEN: 'The pressure
has increased slightly.
'I want to do well because I would
like to have the pick of the bunch.'
Let's get rid of
the Early Checkout Card. Yeah.
However, if you finish last
in this challenge,
you'll be swapping first tonight,
and you will have to swap
whether you want to or not.
So, if you're the Fortune Holders,
you'll be forced
to give away that money.
JO-ANNE: 'We have got
to keep the money.'
WILL: 'I feel a little bit
of pressure.'
Because we don't want to come last,
do we?
No, no, no.
In today's Day Trip Challenge,
you will be doing
the quintessential tourist activity,
taking selfies at local landmarks.
In a minute, you're gonna be
going to your vehicle.
In each vehicle is a map,
which contains clues to various
local hotspots all over town.
All you have to do
is solve the clues,
find the location,
and snap a selfie.
The first pair
to reach the finish line
with the most correct selfies
will win the first
Day Trip Challenge.
You have 45 minutes.
Are you ready?
ALL: Yeah!
I wish you good fortune. Go!
JEN: Reading maps
is not a strength of mine.
Are we allowed sat nav?
Shall we just read
all of the things first
so at least
we know what to look for?
"Where sticks bang steel,
come strike a pose,
"you'll find us
opposite a hero's hose."
Can we head towards
the fire station, please?
"You'll find me swimming in the sea,
come and take a snap with me."
"I'm speedy on the seas,
as my name alludes,
"I'm named after
the Caribbean's favourite booze."
"Grated or ground
and a spicy delight,
"snap me with a trader
to get your shot right."
Nutmeg?
"To end the game,
meet me at the finish line.
"Don't get stumped,
and you should be fine."
Abbie, we're not doing very good
at the minute.
I'll look this way.
I'll look this way,
you look that way. Calm.
"I'm speedy on the seas,
as my name alludes,
"and named after
a Caribbean favourite booze."
Dojo.
Is that a booze?
Yeah, it's Dojo.
Right, so let's go Dojo.
So, this is the fire station here.
Right.
It's steel drums. There we go.
THEY PLAY 'RED RED WINE'
Right, follow me.
Thank you.
Hi!
I think Dan and Claire
and Mike and Adam
have got one over on us in terms of
physical ability. Oh, yeah.
That doesn't mean
that they might not
read a clue incorrectly.
There!
Go on, get in!
Tracey, where are we going?
Down there.
Fire station. Fire station.
This can't be it.
This isn't it,
and we're just wasting time.
Shall we just get moving?
Cos we're just...
We could be moving
to somewhere else.
"I'm speedy on the seas,
as my name alludes,
"and named after
the Caribbean's favourite booze."
Is there anything we've missed?
There's Rhum Runner there.
You are a legend.
"Named after the Caribbean booze."
Rum.
See if there's a name
on any of the boats.
There's nothing on that one.
It's rum, innit?
It's a bottle of rum, innit? Get in!
I spotted a nice little bottle
of white rum
sitting in the rickety old boat.
How clever are we? Oi-oi!
Ho-ho!
Let's go back to the taxi.
Let's keep an eye out
in case we do see a boat called Rum.
Come on!
I was reading the boat.
Louie, we need to be
looking out for things.
Oh, my God,
we're gonna so lose this, baby.
Don't worry, darling.
We're gonna be tenth.
We're going home.
"Sticks bang steel!"
Oh, my God!
Steel drums! Stop!
"I'm speedy on the seas,
as my name alludes,
"and named after
the Caribbean favourite booze."
Rum!
Oh, yeah.
Bar. Might be the rum distillery,
and if it is, I'm staying there.
Yeah.
Here you are.
Rhum Runner.
Yeah.
So, let's just take a picture here.
Hello.
Tony's bar.
That's the selfie, with that.
Oh, right. Come on, then.
Louie, I think we've gone too far.
Carib. The name of the local beer.
Get a picture of these people.
What are you...?
The Caribbean's favourite booze
is Carib.
Hi, you OK?
Are you sure?
Selfie. Yes, it is.
It's not.
I am more normally right.
D'you think?
You know I am, cos you always
come round in the end.
No, the other way round.
We'll have to agree to disagree.
No.
THEY LAUGH
"At Market Square
is the grated or ground.
"I'm a spicy delight.
"Snap me with a trader
to get your shot right."
I think we're focused
on getting nutmeg and a trader.
The market's up here.
Hi. Would you mind
if we took a photo of some nutmeg
with yourselves?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Smile!
D'you wanna get in it?
Come on.
"You'll find me swimming in the sea.
BOTH: "Come and take a snap
with me."
I'm sure there's a fish called
a snapper, or something like that.
Hello!
We're looking for a fish that snaps.
Aye! Perfect.
Look at that beauty.
That is one hell of a fish.
Fish market. Fish market.
"Come and take a snap with me."
I'm thinking it's a crab.
It's BB's Crabback.
We've gotta take a picture with it.
Take a photo with the fish, right?
Is that...?
I feel like that sounds right.
D'you know where BB's Crabback is?
To the left.
This?
Yeah.
Amazing!
Oh, we've got a snap with a snapper!
LAUGHTER
It could be a fish market.
It could also be a statue,
because it's in the sea.
We're just taking pictures in hope
that they're the right answer.
D'you know what?
We've actually smashed that, though.
"To end the game,
meet me at the finish line.
BOTH: "Don't get stumped."
"Stumped", that's the cricket.
So the cricket's the end.
Yeah, cricket stadium, please.
Read it back. "Don't get stumped."
That's the...
"DON'T get stumped."
The finish line's
at the athletics track.
Whoa!
THEY LAUGH
How far away is it, please?
DRIVER: Two minutes.
Two minutes. Lovely.
This is obviously
the cricket ground.
"To end the game..."
Ah. "DON'T get stumped!"
I'm looking down,
and you just see that "don't"
in capital letters.
You're like, "Oh."
Would do you mind taking us
to the athletics stadium, please?
We're just out, and we go, mate.
We're just out, and we go.
Right. Here we go.
We're here.
We've made it.
Right, we're here.
This is the track.
Go, go, go. Go on, Usain.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Come on, then. Come on, then.
Come on, then.
Who's it gonna be?
Yes! Look at them go!
Come on!
Flying! Yes!
Adam takes it!
I had a head start.
We won the race,
blew everyone out of the water,
and we showed everyone
that we're in it to win it.
Oh, it's Dan and Claire.
Come on.
Oh, that's a proper marriage, that.
Yes!
"To end the game,
meet at the finish line.
"Don't get stumped,
and you'll be fine."
Stump, tree stump.
Stump is like a tree stump.
And, like,
tropical botanical gardens.
Yeah, it's sitting right with me.
Let's hope we're not the last people
on this.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Yes!
LAUGHTER
Woohoo!
Yes! Yes!
You look shattered. Bless you.
Your time is up. I'm taking you
to your final destination.
Shit.
I literally feel
like we got 'em all right.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Come on!
Well done.
You found us.
Oh! Eventually.
All right, everyone. Well done.
So, the results.
The pair who came in last place,
and who'll be making that compulsory
first swap tonight, is...
'We know that we won the challenge.'
There's no way that we come last.
I'm just not having it.
So, the results.
The pair who came in last place,
and who'll be making that
compulsory first swap tonight, is...
Chloe and Louie.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
You got one right.
We was adamant we won the challenge.
LOUIE: But we lost.
Yeah.
We lost because,
one, you wouldn't run, and two...
We went to the wrong destination.
..we got the wrong places.
In ninth place with the second swap,
it's Aysha and Samm.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Cherish and Jae finish in eighth.
In seventh is Abbie and Tracey.
Lesley and Gary take sixth.
And fifth place goes
to Tommy and Scott.
So, we're into our final four.
And remember,
correct selfies are more important
than the time taken
to finish the race.
In fourth place, it's...
Michael and Adam.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
It's probably a little bit
of a blessing,
because we haven't gone bang up
to number one or two
on the leaderboard,
we've gone fourth.
So maybe people are thinking,
"Well, they might be quick,
but they're also thick."
THEY LAUGH
In third place, we have...
Susan and Jen.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
JEN: To come in top three
is amazing.
It puts us in such a high place
for the swap at the Lady Luck Bar
tonight. Yes.
So, there's only two pairs left -
Jo-Anne and Will,
and Daniel and Claire.
Who will take top spot?
In second position,
it's Jo-Anne and Will.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
All right!
Oh, God, I can't believe it.
Well done.
Which means, in first place,
of course, it is...
Dan and Claire.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Well done, guys.
Got all five right.
Tonight, you will have the final
and most powerful swap.
So, it's almost time
for the nightcap,
where one pair will be checking out
of The Fortune Hotel.
See you all there.
DAN: Looking up at that scoreboard
and seeing our name in lights,
it's just so cool.
And at number one,
makes it all the better.
CHLOE: To be honest,
I feel like we give it our best,
and we didn't give up.
The classical loser story.
Yeah, but, shit, this is real now.
# I think we're alone now... #
TOMMY: I don't think
I've ever felt so tense in my life.
SCOTT: I don't think
there could be anything worse
than going home on day one.
And you can tell,
it's painted on everyone's face.
Everyone is bricking it,
going in there.
# I think we're alone now... #
LESLEY: The worst thing
that could happen
is getting the Checkout Card
back again.
Anything else is fine at this stage.
Going into tonight,
I'm feeling quite confident.
I don't think many people
have an idea where the money is.
So, hopefully, nobody's gonna want
to take our case.
# We're alone... #
We're going into Lady Luck Bar
without a concern
that we're out of the competition.
Because we know, as we walk in,
if somebody gives us
the Early Checkout Card,
we've got the final choice,
we can give it to somebody else.
I'm quite confident
about our position tonight.
We know we have
the Early Checkout Card,
so we kind of have
a slight upper hand
against seven other couples.
Going into Lady Luck coming last,
we are in the firing line.
If people wanna chase the money,
they'll be chasing the money.
If people see us as competition,
they'll be getting us out.
So, yeah, we're in a bit
of a sticky situation right now,
but what will be, will be.
# We're alone... #
Good evening.
ALL: Evening.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome, welcome, to the nightcap
in the Lady Luck Bar.
You all look sensational.
It's been quite a day.
We've had shocking swaps,
silly selfies, run all over town.
Chloe and Louie,
you tried your hearts out today.
Yeah, we did.
But you have the first swap.
How are you feeling?
Erm, nervous.
We didn't think
that we'd lose the challenge.
We knew
that somebody's gonna go home.
Hopefully, we get to stay.
Dan and Claire,
you won the challenge.
Do you think, by winning today,
you might have put a target
on your back? Yes.
Abbie and Tracey.
I've been told to keep that...
Oh, really? "Don't speak, Mum."
I just feel my mum's too open.
I see. She'll give everything away.
Susan and Jen, how are the nerves?
Same as everyone else.
We're all nervous.
But things could go badly,
obviously, you could go home,
but you could,
by the end of the night,
be holding the £250,000 case.
I think that's probably
what everyone is feeling. It's...
"How could we be leaving here?
Is it for the last time?
"Or is it gonna be one step closer
to being considerably richer?"
Right.
Before we get to the swapping,
this is your last chance
to influence
how people are gonna act,
and to keep yourselves in the game.
I think that everyone should really,
really have a think about,
like, who's won the challenge.
Because the first person
that's won the challenge
and won by clear miles
is really your competition.
And you need to really think about
at what point you can get them out.
I take your point totally about,
you know,
getting out the people
who are the biggest threat.
Wouldn't say we're necessarily
the biggest threat.
I didn't literally say "you".
It would be a bit naive to say
that you won't look at other people
as your competition,
and realistically play the game,
which would be the person
that keeps winning the challenges.
That's just logic.
No, I know, but we were lucky.
And we appreciate
that we were lucky today.
If you've got five questions right
out of five, that's not luck.
It's literally a fact
that you've got them all right.
There's nothing lucky about getting
all the questions in 30 minutes.
All right, then.
Let's get on with it, shall we?
Chloe and Louie, you came tenth
today in the challenge,
which means
you have the first compulsory swap.
Who would you like to swap with,
and why?
We'd like to swap
with Will and Jo-Anne.
Why are Chloe and Louie
swapping with us?
They've got the whole room
to pick from.
Why are they picking us?
It's blown my mind, really.
And why would you do that?
Because we don't want them to go.
So you're saying
you're giving them something nice?
Yeah.
Do you believe that?
Don't know yet. We'll soon see.
All right, then. Here we go.
Please swap cases.
It's hard giving this case over.
It's like giving your baby away.
But all I'm thinking
in the back of my head is,
"We're gonna get this back."
Right. Well, based on the rankings,
next up, Aysha and Samm.
What are you gonna do?
We have no idea where the money is,
but...
I think we should just
keep our briefcase for now.
No swap.
OK. Next up, Cherish and Jae.
Are you gonna stick,
or are you gonna swap?
We're gonna keep our briefcase.
Thanks, guys.
Abbie and Tracey, you're next.
What are you doing?
You're gonna kill me.
I'm gonna do the same tactic
as Samm.
We'll keep it.
You're gonna keep your case?
Yeah.
Lesley and Gary.
Oh, perhaps
we'll just follow suit... and stick.
OK. Tommy and Scott.
I think we're gonna
stick with our case.
OK.
Play it safe.
Five sticks, one swap.
Keeping that case
could look suspicious.
Because it means
you either have an empty case
or you have the money... probably.
Coming to Michael and Adam.
What are you gonna do, gents?
We are gonna stick.
We're gonna stick.
Happy with what you've got?
For the time being.
So, we're going
to the last three swaps.
In a brilliant third place
this afternoon, Susan and Jen.
What are you gonna do?
It is not a comfortable situation
to be in,
because we know
we're not going home,
but we are definitely
sending somebody else home.
Yeah. That's massive pressure.
Massive.
Erm, we're gonna...
Susan and Jen,
what are you gonna do?
'We can swap with anybody
who's already swapped.
'Let's slide that stinky nappy
over to someone else.'
Erm, we're gonna...
Gary and Lesley did finish
after us,
so we have to decide,
are we gifting that back?
Do you think Susan and Jen might
try and give that card back to us?
We've discussed this,
and we think we've figured out
who had the money.
So we're gonna follow the money,
which has, we think,
already been swapped.
Shit. They know where the money is.
So, we would like to swap with...
..Chloe and Louie, please.
Interesting. You think
Chloe and Louie have the money?
We think that now they do, yeah.
Why do you think that?
Because we think Jo and Will
had the money originally.
Thank you, guys.
Please swap with Chloe and Louie.
That leaves only two couples.
Jo-Anne and Will, you are next up.
We don't know what's in anything.
We don't know what's in that.
We know what's in ours.
She's got a point.
We've not got a clue what's in that.
I know what's in that,
and I know it's safer than a risk,
a shot in the dark opening that one.
I'm not saying
you'd give us the card
cos I don't think you would,
but I know that one's safe.
I want that case back.
You're getting it back,
and as long as Dan and Claire
sat behind us,
don't take it off us,
it's staying with us.
So, your case went from you
to Louie and Chloe.
From Louie and Chloe
to Susan and Jen,
and you want it back?
Oh, yeah. We're gonna swap.
Back they go, then, please.
Susan and Jen, of course,
are getting a new case.
It was very interesting
that Will and Jo
took their case back.
That solidified for me
that they are, in fact,
the Fortune Holders.
The winners from this afternoon,
Dan and Claire.
You can see now why it's so vital
to have the final swap.
You've seen what everyone else
is up to.
You know what's in your case.
You can stick, you can twist.
What are you gonna do?
Ours is gonna be far less dramatic
after this.
We're gonna stick.
Right. Well,
do we have new Fortune Holders?
Do we have new Unfortunates?
I think it's time to find out.
Would both pairs holding a new case
put your case on this plinth
and open them?
Susan and Jen.
And then Louie and Chloe.
Thank you.
Right. Let's not prolong the agony
any longer.
It's time to find out
who will be leaving
The Fortune Hotel tonight.
Will the unfortunate pair
please stand up
and reveal themselves?
Chloe, Louie...
I'm afraid
you'll be leaving tonight.
Do you have anything
you'd like to say?
Obviously, we're just gutted
that we're out straightaway.
We wanted to stay for longer,
but it is the game, in't it?
I just think it's anyone's game,
but Jo and Will,
I hope youse take it.
Yeah, we hope you win.
Aw.
Thank you.
Well, it's time to swap the mini bar
for the mini cab to the airport.
If you could please give me
your case and say your goodbyes.
APPLAUSE
I'm really sorry.
It's OK.
I'm so sorry.
They just didn't deserve that
at all.
They were just two beautiful people
with very, very kind hearts.
Lovely while it lasted.
Back to work.
Literally.
Back to the scrubs.
Nine pairs left.
We're almost finished for tonight,
but there is one last piece
of unfinished business.
You might be wondering
what is gonna happen to this.
Well, the Fortune Holders
not only are in possession
of the £250,000 case,
they also get to go
to their rooms now
and secretly decide
which pair are going to be
given this cursed card.
The Early Checkout Card.
Later tonight, a new pair
will become the Unfortunates.
Fortune Holders, well done.
You're winning.
Fortune Hunters, try harder.
Good night, and good luck.
# I walk alone
# I walk alone... #
WILL SIGHS
Oh, my God, Will.
That was just an absolute mare.
I don't know
if I can do another one of them.
That was horrendous.
I genuinely don't think
I can do another one of them.
That was absolutely awful.
I feel absolutely gutted.
Gutted for Chloe and Louie.
I know. They...
They were just saving us.
They was just trying
to do us a favour.
Just in case.
Right, let's say bye to the room.
Bye!
It was short but sweet. Let's go.
Jen was sending us home anyway.
She's had it in for us
from the beginning.
It wasn't about the money,
it was just big personalities...
get 'em out.
And she got us out.
# I walk alone... #
I'm really not that upset...
No, I'm not.
..that Chloe and Louie have gone,
to be honest with you.
I'm not gonna lose any sleep
over that one.
I didn't appreciate
when we did the swap
with Gary and Lesley.
Oh, she totally threw us
under the bus.
Exactly, yeah.
I'm not gonna lie,
that got my back up and...
Is that why I chose you?
If I'm honest, yeah, part of it was.
You pissed me off.
# I walk alone... #
What a twist, though,
that the Fortune Holders
now get to issue...
Yes.
..the Early Checkout Card
to whoever they want.
Mm-hm.
I...
I'm a bit nervous
that we've maybe put...
a target on our back now.
And we've got to put that
under someone's door tonight.
I think Abbie and Tracey.
Why?
They're cleverer
than they're making out,
or at least the daughter is.
The crying scene was an act.
I'm gutted Chloe and Louie
are going.
I loved them.
Did you notice I started tearing up
and crying a bit?
Yeah.
Weak link.
Ooh, I'm really struggling
with this, Will.
We don't wanna give it to someone
who's gonna be good in a challenge.
They're gonna get the last swap.
There's less chance of them getting
it. We want someone not good.
Who's gonna do better in challenges,
Sue and Jen, or Abbie and Tracey?
Jen and Sue. I really want
to give it to them pair.
The snarl like she were giving us.
I couldn't look at her.
Her eyes burn through your soul,
and I think she knows that.
I think she knows she's terrifying.
Shall we go with them, then?
Yeah, are you sure?
Are you sure?
Yeah, I am.
I am as well.
Definitely.
Let's get rid of it.
Subtitles by accessibility@itv.com